add docs on how to consume graphql using rust (#32)
DiamondLightSource/graph-federation: docs/how-tos/consume_graphql_rust.md

# Consume GraphQL API using Rust

## Preface

This guide will explain how to fetch data from a GraphQL endpoint using the `cynic` crate. 
We will cover:

- Defining GraphQL Types that we want to query in [Type Definitions](#type-definitions)
- Executing GraphQL query in [GraphQL Query Execution](#graphql-query-execution)

## Dependencies

This guide will utilize the following dependencies: 

- `reqwest` to send HTTP request to the GraphQL endpoint with `blocking` and `json` features enabled.
- `tokio` for writing asynchronous program. 
- `cynic` to construct GraphQL queries with `http-reqwest` and `http-reqwest-blocking` features enabled.

```toml
[dependencies]
reqwest = { version = "0.12.5", features = ["blocking", "json"] }
tokio = { version = "1.38.0", features = ["full"]}
cynic = { version = "3.7.3", features = ["http-reqwest"] }
```

## Type Definitions

!!! example "Import and Module Definition"

    ```rust
    use cynic::{http::ReqwestExt, QueryBuilder};

> 

Reviewer: I think we can leave these imports until they're required in the Query Execution section

    mod schema {
        cynic::use_schema!("schema.graphql");
    }
    ```
`cynic::{http::ReqwestExt, QueryBuilder}` Imports necessary traits and types from the cynic crate. `ReqwestExt` extends `reqwest` functionality for GraphQL operations. QueryBuilder is used to construct GraphQL queries.

> `mod schema` Defines a Rust module named schema and imports the GraphQL schema from `schema.graphql` using the `cynic::use_schema` macro. This macro generates Rust types based on the GraphQL schema.

Reviewer: Felt like this was a bit tricky to follow, swapping the order of things and describing the purpose of the `mod` makes it feel a bit better to me, perhaps something like this:
```suggestion
We will use the `cynic::use_schema` macro to generate a set of Rust types based on the GraphQL schema. Typically, these should be constrained to their own module using `mod schema {}` to ensure they do not interfere with our code.
```

!!! tip 

    Curl the GraphQL endpoint to get the schema. Refer to [GraphQL Introspection](https://graphql.org/learn/introspection/) to learn more about 

>     introspection

Reviewer: I think this could do with being in the main text, as it's a definite step people need to follow

Now we can define the GraphQL types, we want to query from the GraphQL endpoint, 

> !!! example "GraphQL Types"

Reviewer: Probably best to have the example after the body of text

    ```rust
    #[derive(cynic::QueryFragment, Debug)]
    #[cynic(schema_path = "schema.graphql")]
    struct Person {
        id: i32,
        #[cynic(rename = "firstName")]
        first_name: String,
        #[cynic(rename = "lastName")]
        last_name: String,
        pet: Pet, 
    }

    #[derive(cynic::QueryFragment, Debug)]
    #[cynic(schema_path = "schema.graphql")]
    struct Pet {
        id: i32,
        #[cynic(rename = "ownerId")]
        owner_id: i32,
    }

    #[derive(cynic::QueryFragment, Debug)]
    #[cynic(schema_path = "schema.graphql")]
    struct Query {
        person: Option<Person>,
    }
    ```

> `Person`, `Pet`, `Query` structs annotated with cynic macros `cynic::QueryFragment` to indicate that they correspond to GraphQL types defined in `schema.graphql`.

Reviewer: Probably worth stating that it implements the trait by the same name

> `schema_path = "schema.graphql` macro Specifies that these Rust structs are generated based on the GraphQL schema defined in `schema.graphql`.

Reviewer: Think this might read better if we reverse the order of the sentence and put the intention first

## GraphQL Query Execution

Now we have the GraphQL types defined, we can define a function to the send a POST request to the endpoint with the GraphQL query to fetch the `Person` data. 

!!! example "Fetch Person data"

    ```rust
    async fn fetch_person() -> Result<Option<Person>, Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
        let client = reqwest::Client::new();
        let operation = Query::build(());

        let response: cynic::GraphQlResponse<Query> = client
            .post("http://127.0.0.1:8000/graphql")
            .run_graphql(operation)
            .await?;

        Ok(response.data.and_then(|data| data.person))
    }
    ```
`reqwest::Client::new()` Creates a new reqwest HTTP client.
`Query::build(())` Constructs a GraphQL query using QueryBuilder.
`client.post(...).run_graphql(operation).await?` Sends a POST request to http://127.0.0.1:8000/graphql with the GraphQL query (operation), awaits the response. 
`Ok(response.data.and_then(|data| data.person))` Extracts and returns the person data from the GraphQL response.

Running the `fetch_person()` function should return the following response, 

> `Person { id: 1, first_name: "foo", last_name: "bar", pet: Pet { id: 10, owner_id: 1 } }`

Reviewer: Formatting of this is a bit odd, perhaps it should be a code block with some syntax highlighting?
